README.md, before:

# GlobeTick

## Introduction
GlobeTick is a beautiful, modern, and easy-to-use world time and meeting planner app. It helps you see the current time in major cities, convert time zones, plan meetings across different time zones, and more—all with a simple and attractive interface.

## Problem Solved / Relevance
Many people struggle to keep track of time differences when working, studying, or connecting with others around the world. GlobeTick solves this by making it easy to:
- See the current time in different cities.
- Convert times between time zones.
- Plan meetings that work for everyone, no matter where they are.
- Share your setup or meeting plans with others easily.

## Main Features
- **World Clock:** View the current time in major cities around the world.
- **Time Zone Converter:** Quickly convert times between any two time zones.
- **Meeting Planner:** Visually plan meetings across multiple time zones and find the best overlap.
- **Favorites:** Save your most-used time zones for quick access.
- **Shareable Links:** Share your dashboard or meeting planner with a simple link.
- **Profile & Theme:** Personalize your experience with a profile and light/dark mode.
- **Animated Landing Page:** Enjoy a beautiful, animated welcome page.

## How to Use & Navigate the App
1. **Landing Page:**
   - When you open GlobeTick, you’ll see a beautiful animated landing page.
   - Click the **Get Started** button to go to the main app.
2. **World Clock:**
   - See the current time in major cities.
   - Add your favorite time zones for quick access.
3. **Time Zone Converter:**
   - Select a source and target time zone.
   - Enter a time and click **Convert** to see the result.
4. **Meeting Planner:**
   - Choose multiple time zones and working hours.
   - See a visual timeline to find the best meeting time for everyone.
   - Share your meeting plan with a link or add it to Google/Outlook Calendar.
5. **Profile & Theme:**
   - Click your avatar to set your name, avatar, and theme (light/dark/system).
   - Use the sun/moon button in the header to quickly switch themes.
6. **Navigation:**
   - Click the GlobeTick logo in the header to return to the landing page at any time.

## Tools Used
- **Next.js** (React framework)
- **React** (UI library)
- **Tailwind CSS** (styling)
- **Framer Motion** (animations)
- **Lucide React** (icons)
- **Radix UI** (accessible UI components)
- **TypeScript** (type safety)

## Getting Started
1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone <your-repo-url>
   cd worldtimesync
   ```
2. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   pnpm install
   # or
   npm install
   # or
   yarn install
   ```
3. Run the development server:
   ```bash
   pnpm dev
   # or
   npm run dev
   # or
   yarn dev
   ```
4. Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in your browser.

## License
This project is licensed under the MIT License. See [LICENSE](./LICENSE) for details.

---

Enjoy using GlobeTick to make world time and meeting planning easy and beautiful!

Commit message:

addition of screenshot to the readme file

README.md, after:

# GlobeTick

## Introduction
GlobeTick is a beautiful, modern, and easy-to-use world time and meeting planner app. It helps you see the current time in major cities, convert time zones, plan meetings across different time zones, and more—all with a simple and attractive interface.

## Problem Solved / Relevance
Many people struggle to keep track of time differences when working, studying, or connecting with others around the world. GlobeTick solves this by making it easy to:
- See the current time in different cities.
- Convert times between time zones.
- Plan meetings that work for everyone, no matter where they are.
- Share your setup or meeting plans with others easily.

## Main Features
- **World Clock:** View the current time in major cities around the world.
- **Time Zone Converter:** Quickly convert times between any two time zones.
- **Meeting Planner:** Visually plan meetings across multiple time zones and find the best overlap.
- **Favorites:** Save your most-used time zones for quick access.
- **Shareable Links:** Share your dashboard or meeting planner with a simple link.
- **Profile & Theme:** Personalize your experience with a profile and light/dark mode.
- **Animated Landing Page:** Enjoy a beautiful, animated welcome page.

## How to Use & Navigate the App
1. **Landing Page:**
   - When you open GlobeTick, you’ll see a beautiful animated landing page.
   - Click the **Get Started** button to go to the main app.
2. **World Clock:**
   - See the current time in major cities.
   - Add your favorite time zones for quick access.
3. **Time Zone Converter:**
   - Select a source and target time zone.
   - Enter a time and click **Convert** to see the result.
4. **Meeting Planner:**
   - Choose multiple time zones and working hours.
   - See a visual timeline to find the best meeting time for everyone.
   - Share your meeting plan with a link or add it to Google/Outlook Calendar.
5. **Profile & Theme:**
   - Click your avatar to set your name, avatar, and theme (light/dark/system).
   - Use the sun/moon button in the header to quickly switch themes.
6. **Navigation:**
   - Click the GlobeTick logo in the header to return to the landing page at any time.

## Tools Used
- **Next.js** (React framework)
- **React** (UI library)
- **Tailwind CSS** (styling)
- **Framer Motion** (animations)
- **Lucide React** (icons)
- **Radix UI** (accessible UI components)
- **TypeScript** (type safety)

## Getting Started
1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone <your-repo-url>
   cd worldtimesync
   ```
2. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   pnpm install
   # or
   npm install
   # or
   yarn install
   ```
3. Run the development server:
   ```bash
   pnpm dev
   # or
   npm run dev
   # or
   yarn dev
   ```
4. Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in your browser.

# Preview of the App Interface

![screenshot](/public/screenshot/screencapture-globaltick-vercel-app-2025-07-25-21_33_51.png)
LANDING PAGE

![screenshot](/public/screenshot/screencapture-globaltick-vercel-app-app-page-2025-07-25-21_34_30.png)
THE APP INTERFACE AT DARK MODE

![screenshot](/public/screenshot/screencapture-globaltick-vercel-app-app-page-2025-07-25-21_35_14.png)
THE APP INTERFACE SHOWINNG THE TIME ZONE CONVERSION

![screenshot](/public/screenshot/screencapture-globaltick-vercel-app-app-page-2025-07-25-21_35_33.png)
THE LIGHT MODE OF THE AAPP


## License
This project is licensed under the MIT License. See [LICENSE](./LICENSE) for details.

---

Enjoy using GlobeTick to make world time and meeting planning easy and beautiful!
